HTTP POST Attack with THC-Hydra
As an additional example, we will perform
an HTTP POST attack
against our Windows Apache server
using Hydra.
When a HTTP POST request is
used for user login,
it is most often through the use
of a web form,
which means we should use the
“http-form-post” service module.
We can supply the service name
followed by -U
to obtain additional information
about the required arguments:
From this output, we determine that we
need to provide a number of arguments
that will require us to perform some
application discovery.
First, we need the IP address and the URL
of the webpage containing the web
form on our Windows client.
We'll provide the IP address as
the first argument to hydra.
Next, we must understand the web
form we want to brute force
by inspecting the HTML code of the
target web page.
We can view the HTML by right-clicking
the page and selecting View Page Source
from the context menu.
The form indicates that the POST request
is handled by frontpage.php,
which is the URL we will feed to Hydra.
The hydra syntax requires the
form parameters,
which in this case are user and pass.
Since we’re going to attack the admin user
login with a wordlist,
the combined argument to Hydra
becomes the following,
with PASS acting as a placeholder for our
wordlist file entries.
We must also provide the condition
string to indicate
when a login attempt is unsuccessful.
We can find this by attempting a manual
login against the page.
In our example, the web page returns
the text “INVALID LOGIN”.
Putting these pieces together, we can
complete the http-form-post syntax.
The complete command can now
be executed.
We’ll supply the admin user
name and rockyou wordlist,
request verbose output with
-vV, and use -f to stop the attack
when the first successful result is found.
In addition, we will supply the
service module name,
and its required arguments.
Although this required some investigation
of the application,
the result is worth it as we discovered
a valid password.
Let’s verify that this is indeed the
correct password.
Excellent, hydra successfully found the
correct admin password for us.
The other service modules included with
Hydra are well worth the effort to master.